Sundays with to remove this welcome message for example right here and you have to be logged in to see
this vote on.
You can click here on this section and you can remove the stakes.
That is a welcome text of course if you decide you have something like this on you you can make the
changes right here.
In my case I went to these ladies good coupon we are launching this online store and we want to tell
everybody that they can use this coupon.
So instead of the match right here we're going to add this as a feature the match.
We're going to click it on said Fitri match and then I'm going to upload that.
So you can see in the course materials that I have provided on the brokes folder you will find this
coupon that J-P so they can write to the media library and then said If you truly match then we're going
out of the these and let's reload the front in so you can see that these displays a coupon buy.
This is really weird because these are styling it has these tags on the top and they are it is a style
and this is in this book chateau.
Of course if you want to display the match here with this background.
This could be something nice for you to design.
In my case I went to remove everything and on the display they match with the coupon.
So I went up and they're called and Racheal on the functions here what I to go write a small function
that will remove these text this content and these will display the feature the match.
So first if I click on simple show hooks and I do a show action hooks Fidge you will find that the home
page is using this page.
And so we need to remove this storefront underscore home page content.
We are going up in are called and Rachel on the bottom I cannot remove.
They can then
can pitch Gunton text and display that feature match.
So what going to write that function with one churn or in S by underscore home page content.
And then we're going to hook these into the neat hook then we're going I bassis right here.
And what going out on the site then.
Are we going to remove these then we're going to remove action so we can get rid of these decks.
And if you remember this is the homepage.
This is the hook.
So we're going to copy these says remove action than his home page complete.
Remember in the second parameter is the name of their function.
In this case it's a start from home page and so save these and I'm going to make this page right here
so you can see better.
They go on the list on the center of the screen.
And reload received so you can see that we get rid of the tags but we also get rid of the match.
I'm going to stop showing the actual books.
So we need to find a way to display that image this image that we had in here on the feature you match.
We're going to write another fun show and another one from betterness back underscore home page on those
coupon and with uncuffed to hook these We're going to call this one right here.
So we're going out our action homepage again.
And you can page remember this this the page the current page of where this plane and then we're going
to hook these right here.
And remember the position if I click here on this show action hooks remember that the priority that
we are setting here these 22 that the 40 is the position that this is going to be display.
The bigger the number is the section is going to be display at the bottom.
The manager the number is it's going to be displayed on the top.
So we're going to stop showing actual crooks right here and we're going to bring these out.
Then these storefront which contain glass then also.
So we're going to use the same number the same priority.
Now we're going to have a go right here and we're going out with the glass main content and we're going
out closing the end break and I'm going out think they post dominated the post so it is a fun show and
that WordPress provides to bring these features in much.
So now we're going to reload again.
And you can see that we have the coupon right here at Sofaer was using these hooks and these functions
we removed that page content and then we were right or wrong function to display only the coupon that
we have added right here.
So we're going to continue practicing a lot with these kooks you don't have to worry for anything.
The idea here is that you understand if you're comfortable with writing these functions and remove any
actions and inactions and that's understand the priority the priority is the position where this is
going to be printed.
So for example if I had the right here these are going to be displayed on the bottom 40 is that a bigger
number is going to send these to the bottom of the page.
And maybe we can increase this badly
here that it isn't the number that will display these in the correct position.
So we need to have for example right here in the main content and then up in the stand that when I scroll
a little right here.
And I'm going to Page mean content and I'm going another matter thought maybe one of them might even
bottom.
So when Im sorry relo And I you can see we have some nice separation right here and maybe we can increase
the number to two involved reload and you can see he's looking great.
So in the next video we're going to continue working with this Web site.
This is looking nice.
We're going to start working with these categories that we have right here.
We only have to make changes that display this the way that we need to.